guess what this is I've been making post
lately that I did have some really good
news for you so here it is finally you
can check it out right there I am really
honored to announce that I just resigned
with fusion and there really is truly no
better feeling than to rejoin such an
amazing team I've been a fusion athlete
since 2009 and I can truly say that I
believe there is no better company out
there as they've been supporting me
believing in me since being an amateur
athlete they were with me the day I won
my pro card they were there beside me
the day I won my first pro show and
signing this now actually shows that
they go above and beyond and truly
believe in their athletes and right now
I'm going through rehab from my knee
surgery and I will not be competing
until at least 2015 due to the surgery
and the severity of the injury but we've
talked about it and they truly just
believe in me and support me so much and
they see the potential in me for the
future to continue on and I think that's
what makes this company just so amazing
besides they're great products obviously
but um it's how much they support
everyone in the bodybuilding community
anyway there you have it fugitives you
are stuck with me for at least two more
years and I'm just so excited to be part
of it once again or continue to be a
part of it and I'm just so beyond
thrilled and I have some friends over
here who are beyond thrilled and I hope
you are beyond thrilled and that's it
and thanks again for all your support